welcome back to you San Antonio living
we are in the kitchen this morning with
Amy corn well she is our Pinterest
crafter is so good to see you good to
see you we are fabulous in blue this
morning I love it okay so we're working
with mason jars this morning yay they
have resurrected themselves right as you
know I do have an obsession with mason
jars yes I love them um but what I love
so much about this is that whenever your
how you have company over and desert
always seems to be a little bit
complicated kids yeah if you make a
peach cobbler you make chocolate cake
you make strawberry shortcake you have
to then slice it all out and and and
portion it for everyone so this is a way
that you can preview it before everyone
comes and then when it's dessert time
you just hand it off love it love it
um but we're gonna start first with our
chocolate cake I I'm guilty I have a
sweet tooth at night okay and I always
want chocolate
um so instead of baking a whole cake
this is a great way to cuddle and then I
do one more cake when I wake up so I
just want one slice just for me I don't
want to share it with anyone so this is
a great way that you can make a
chocolate cake just for yourself okay
now listen we've got one in the
microwave right now because you can do
this in the microwave is it almost ready
I think so keep going keep going okay so
it's super easy a tablespoon of flour
okay spoon of sugar okay tablespoons of
cocoa and then two egg whites so go to
the egg whites and this all the way into
your individual little jar you know I'm
holding oh yeah yes we did it feel like
so it's almost ready and then you add
some morsels in it just for a little
gooey a little a little gooey chocolate
in the center and then be careful
because it is a little bit hot okay oh
it's I couldn't believe you just made a
whole cake look at what look how pretty
it is oh my gosh isn't that great and
then I've you
when a little extra oh he's just stop it
off with a little extreme look at that
is amazing that awesome I love that oh
good and it definitely hits the spot and
so again it was cocoa powder yeah take a
tablespoon of cocoa powder and sorry to
table students of cocoa powder a
tablespoon of flour and then a
tablespoon of sugar 2 egg whites and a
few chocolate morsels I love it we're
done I stirred it amazing ok yes later
that's just for me by the way and now if
you've got company you can do multiples
right you can do Momo multiples but I
had suggestions didn't do it let them
give them give them the brownies no okay
and so one of my favorites it's my
daughter's favorite - a strawberry
shortcake and this is really just a fun
fun dessert it's very pretty and I make
my I make just at regular out-of-the-box
angel food cake okay in a regular bundt
pan like you see I have right here it's
just done but then whenever it comes out
kind of like you did with the cake pop
cake folds if you've ever made those you
just rip it out throw it in I love it
super easy submission down like that and
then put some more strawberries in there
make it look pretty
how about another layer get some more
color do you can put blueberries I mean
you can put whatever you want and it's
great then before you I'd wait till
before you serve it then you just top it
off a little strawberry in it and it's
perfect you're done okay and you can do
this ahead of time put those in the
fridge you're gonna get all delicious
yummy I would just I would just um wait
you know wait till you serve it to pop
the whipped cream okay last but not
least absolutely nervous my husband
would go crazy if I didn't make this
every once in a while but it's peach
cobbler he absolutely loves peach
cobbler um and you know everyone wants
it at the same time you smell it while
it's cooking and it's you got a you know
service yeah yeah so this um I just
portion it you know three or four
peaches like so McCants from a can okay
I just did my regular can you can't make
it yourself if you want and then I did
that this this foot crust mm-hmm now I
only do it about half way cuz it's gonna
rise and then I like
- an ice cream okay so you and I've
dumped some bisquit like like the little
bit of sugar
those little muffin e things I know it
bisquit like the flower bisquit the box
of this okay with some sugar with some
she dumped it on in there those guys in
the oven it is so simple and yet it
looks like I have been working all day
it really does that looks so good and
and it's really good when you put a
little ice cream on it and you don't
have to worry about at all falling
everywhere I like messes okay I like
things to be contained I gotta talk
about mason jars because where do you
get them like if you're like a mason jar
fanatic where do you go for these you
can get mason jars almost anywhere and I
mean I find them at craft stores at
h-e-b I really try to stick to h-e-b you
hope that when I'm going to great joy
when I would just grab the extra things
and you'll see them and also at HEV okay
so it's really simple to find really
quick on Pinterest you know you can
share boards now no can share boards so
let's say friends playing a wedding or
at planning a wedding you got away
together you can share with very cool I
love it
all sorts of great ideas from Amy thank
you so much see you it's so fun to be
here let me tell you we love it when
you're here that's for sure this is how
you can find her she's on Pinterest you
can also find her on the web pearls
projects calm and when you're searching
Pinterest look for a pearl eagerly she's
got all of her great ideas there and
she'll share some fun projects with you
as well all right